todo.md, before:

- new compartment system
   - fix odd bug where it "brings" compartment names over when you navigate in edit mode
     - seems like I can't have it populate a defaultValue or value and also have it be the right value and be editable
     - I need it to populate the correct values, be editable and also focus on the value when a new compartment is made
     - make it focus name of a newly made compartment
  - rename "compartment" to "group"?
  - upon deleting last compartment, put child items in root of parent item
  - I can't edit the compartments of the highest level if don't have admin
- modal dialog boxes instead of rollouts?
  - delete a user from loadout?
  - removed yourself from loadout?
  - clean up modal formatting and size
- need a "Cancel Move" icon (use a small Ghostbusters symbol)
- icon button for unpack all
- new loadout bar
  - links to the three "tabs"
    - Pack
    - Edit
    - Sharing
  - Refresh button
- rollout to show the items currently "picked up"
- add ability to "collapse" compartments
- add option to promote subitems then delete
- show the "owner" of loadout on my loadouts page

# before next Heroku push:
- test in dark and colors mode
- full test of making a new account and all the functionality shown in demo
- clear warnings
- text in chrome and firefox

# current change

Commit message:

fix odd bug where it "brings" compartment names over when you navigate in edit mode (had to make the compartment a component and moved a lot of the functions from ItemList to this component); fix it so you can delete compartments again; make it so you cannot move compartments for now; make it focus name of a newly made compartment; change input bg color to white when in dark theme

todo.md, after:

- new compartment system
  - rename "compartment" to "group"?
  - upon deleting last compartment, put child items in root of parent item
  - I can't edit the compartments of the highest level if don't have admin
  - make it so you cannot delete the focused item of the page
- modal dialog boxes instead of rollouts?
  - delete a user from loadout?
  - removed yourself from loadout?
  - clean up modal formatting and size
- need a "Cancel Move" icon (use a small Ghostbusters symbol)
- icon button for unpack all
- new loadout bar
  - links to the three "tabs"
    - Pack
    - Edit
    - Sharing
  - Refresh button
- rollout to show the items currently "picked up"
- add ability to "collapse" compartments
- add option to promote subitems then delete
- show the "owner" of loadout on my loadouts page

# before next Heroku push:
- test in dark and colors mode
- full test of making a new account and all the functionality shown in demo
- clear warnings
- text in chrome and firefox

# current change
